DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us, we have Colossus Dragon on our side.
Barodius and the 12 orders, you're destined for defeat.
Now, Drago, Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
(SINGING) What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Backed against the wall, gotta give it your all.
Ah, ah. Ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
This is the final stand.
Ah, ah. Ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
Now that the Neathian's second shield is down,
victory is near.
Do not let this slip from our grasp.
We should take down the third shield now,
strike while the iron is hot.
I completely agree, but unfortunately there
are a couple of Gundalian ships that are
taking their time charging up.
I believe Pyrus was one of them, wasn't it Gill?
Just relax, OK?
As soon as it's charged, I'll go ahead and--
Master Gill has greater challenges to deal with.
I will proceed with the attack and take
down the shield myself.
Wow, Airzel, I've never seen you so aggressive before.
I learned a few of their tricks after our last battle.
They'll come in handy this time.
Yes, real handy.
Prepare to attack, Mason.
You're getting a rare chance to redeem yourself after failing
so badly on Earth.
Yes.
We understand and we're ready to hit
them with everything we've got.
They're going down.
Well, then, Avior, let's get the orb.
DAN (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan Battle
Brawlers in \"Decoy Unit.\"
DAN: The 12 Orders?
Yes, they're the highest level of the Gundalian
ruling class, headed, of course, by Emperor Barodius.
Let me introduce them to you.
This Pyrus Battler Gill.
He's a cold blooded warrior who's
displayed fearsome obedience to Emperor Barodius.
His Bakugan is Pyrus Krakix.
Aquos Battler Stoica, he's a mad man
whose personality flips from joker to ruthless
savage in the blink of an eye.
You never want to turn your backs on this one.
His Bakugan is Aquos Lythirus.
Ventus Battler Airzel, captain of the Gundalian Forces,
he's a student and protege of Gill's.
He's also the scum who captured and interrogated me.
His Bakugan is Ventus Strikeflier.
Subterra Battler Nurzak, he's a Gundalian
elder who served since the reign of the previous emperor.
He's also the wisest person in Gundalia.
His Bakugan is some Subterra Sabator.
Haos Battler Kazarina, she's in charge of the Bakugan
Biological Research Center.
Rumors persist that she's conducting cruel experiments
on living Bakugan.
Her own Bakugan is Haos Lumagrowl.
Finally, Darkus Battler and Gundalian Emperor Barodius.
He may say very little, but trust me,
he's insanely smart and equally devious.
Barodius is pure evil.
His Bakugan is Darkus Dharak.
Hey, those are the dudes we just fought.
The ones that disappeared.
Those six battlers and their Bakugan comprise the 12 Orders.
They're leading the attack on Neathia.
Their forces have already breached
the second defense shield.
That means that the only remaining line of defense
is the third security shield.
If that falls, then we're finished.
Don't worry, Queen Serena.
We're not gonna let that happen.
We gotta get the second shield back up right now.
But how do we do that, guys?
Shouldn't we concentrate on the third shield?
If we can make it through to sector D
and can find a second shield generator,
maybe we can jump start it.
But we'll need a powerful source of energy to do that.
Something powerful like the element that's inside of me?
Yes, that would definitely do the trick.
But unfortunately, to get there, we'd have
to pass through the front line.
We'd be at a horrible disadvantage.
I just don't know.
Come on, dude.
I thought you were the head of the Neathian army.
You've gotta have some kind of a plan in your back pocket,
right?
Otherwise, the Gundalians are gonna cream us.
Chill out, Jake.
[alarm blaring]
Huh?
Captain Elright, sensors are picking up
the signals from three Gundalian ships on the move in sector D.
I told you guys they were coming.
Sir, we have a visual.
Those ships belong to Stoica, Kazarina, and Airzel.
Let them come.
Yeah, we're ready for 'em.
We won't let them crack the third shield.
Hey, I have an idea, guys.
Huh?
While the lead ships advance, we
sneak around behind them, fire up the second shields,
and cut off their reinforcements.
Huh?
What are you talking about, Maruch?
The main unit of the Castle Knights
will attack the three Gundalian ships, giving the appearance
that it's our main offensive, so all of their focus
will be on us.
Meanwhile, a breakaway unit will get
to the second shield generator.
Then we'll jump start it, guys.
So then we're talking about using a decoy.
Yep.
Their dimensional sensors might
pick us up during the transport, so we
can't risk teleporting there.
The safest way for us to get there
will be to walk through the jungle.
Guys, I should go.
I know that jungle like the back of my hand.
Awesome.
Then you and Drago need to go too,
since we'll need the element to kick start the generator.
Got it?
Yeah!
We're totally ready for a rumble in the jungle!
Bring it on!
Let's do it.
We'll go too.
Yeah, you can use the backup.
Sounds like a good plan.
It's a brilliant plan, Marucho.
Already you have proven what a gift you are to Neathia.
Aw, gee, it was nothing.
OK, now that we know who's doing what, pitter-patter.
Yeah.
OK, then, Captain Marucho, I think it's
time we all follow your lead on this one, sir.
Uh, what?
Come on, Little Maruch, you're a natural.
We'll all be right behind you, dude.
I guess.
OK, Castle Knights, let's go!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
[screeching]
Here come the Castle Knights.
It looks like they still haven't learned their lesson, if that's
all they're coming at us with.
Who cares?
We'll make short work of them, and then
annihilate the third shield.
Get ready, Mason.
Yes.
[whooshing]
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
[screeching]
Oh, man.
Hey, isn't that your buddy Airzel.
Yes, and the one beside him is Mason Brown.
Huh?
Isn't he on Ren's team?
It's all the same.
Dude.
He is all kinds of ugly underneath his disguise.
OK, everyone, you all know what's at stake here,
so let's give it all we've got!
Hard core!
Oh, fail.
That's odd.
Why haven't they sent Dan and Drago, their strongest
soldiers, to the front line.
Shun is missing, too.
Let's brawl.
I know that you want payback from Airzel,
but you can't let with that cloud your judgment,
Captain Elright.
It won't.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Let's rock this second shield, Drago.
SHUN (VOICEOVER): Keep your eyes peeled for convenient soldiers,
Hawktor.
Gate card, set!
OK, Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Aquos Akwimos!
Cool is the rule.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Subterra Avior.
Now, Coredem!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
I hope you freaks are ready for a thrashing!
Ability activate, Long Aerchule.
[roaring]
Marucho!
Let's see how you like this!
Ability activate, Loop Defense!
Catch the waves, suckas!
[beeping]
[whoosh]
[static crackling]
I'm gonna tear your little playhouse down.
Ah!
[whooshing]
[groans]
We need to win this for us and Master Gill.
Relax, their puny bubble is going to burst any second now.
Hold tight, little Maruch.
Ability activate, Hammer Blow!
[groans]
[explosion]
Why, you!
Perhaps Mason was a poor choice of partners.
He'll pull it out, otherwise he'll
face the same fate as Sid.
And he's probably well aware of it, too.
Now Avior, ability activate, Bolting Chain!
Ha!
Time to show Airzel I'm hardcore too.
[yells]
Battle gear, boost!
Time for you two cupcakes to get iced, Gundalian style.
Battle gear ability activate, Lashor Heavy Striker.
[whooshing]
[explosions]
Ah!
[groans] Dude is chafing me.
Gate card open, Power Ditch!
Surf's up!
And rip the curl.
I'm the king of H20.
Anyone who faces me is all wet.
That's what I'm talking about, Akwimos.
Jake, be careful, watch out for the blow back.
Huh?
Rip this!
[whooshing]
[screams]
[exertion sounds]
[screeching]
[water rushing]
[laughs]
What the?
Mason never saw that water attack coming.
You want to revise your opinion on him?
Let's pick this up a notch.
Ready, Gigarth.
[yells]
Battle gear boost!
Ah, yeah!
So then, we're using battle gear, are we?
Let's do it.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Ventus Strikeflier.
We've gotta keep this going for Dan.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Let's hit them again.
Yes.
Ready, rock hammer.
Battle gear boost!
[yells]
You guys are really starting to annoy me.
OK, Mason, let's finish this for good.
This time when I hit you, you better stay down.
Because it's really gonna hurt.
Battle gear ability activate, Rock Hammer Beo-Blaster.
I can't believe they got me with a direct hit.
Avior!
Mason life force, 40%.
Huh?
Let's try this again under water.
Yo, dude, did you not hear what I said earlier?
No one beats me in the water, you got it?
It's time to put your money where your mouth is.
Be careful Akwimos, he's dangerous.
Aw, yeah, don't sweat it.
Ability activate, Skill Capture.
What was that?
That was me taking on Coredem's Hammer Blow ability.
But how?
Strikeflier has the ability to absorb his opponents' abilities
and then mirror them.
Too bad for you.
OK, big shot, let's see what you got.
Oh, I'll show you what I got.
Step right up.
Come on! Let's go!
Let's go!
You want some of this?
Battle gear ability activate, Gigarth Hydrizer.
Yeah, that's it.
This ability takes us to level two.
All right, get ready to brawl.
You're nothing more than a bunch of amateurs!
Ability activate, Burst Dive!
[sizzling]
[bubbling]
Yow!
Hey, that's hot! Hot!
Ow!
Akwimos!
You're about to get flushed like a toilet!
[exertion sounds]
Battle gear boost!
Ah!
Yeah!
Still nothing from the second shield team!
Keep going!
Battle gear ability activate, Battle Turbine Drain.
This is tedious.
Your defeat is imminent.
Give up and let us get on with taking down the third security
shield once and for all.
[laser fire]
[whooshing]
[explosions]
Ah!
Jake and Marucho life force, 40%.
I'm not going down like Sid did, got it?
I hear you, so let's finish this now
and take the emperor a victory.
Gate card set.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand!
Let's send these losers packing!
Coredem, Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Oh, yeah!
Come on, Dan, what's happening?
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Why haven't I seen Dan Kuso yet?
Something seems off here.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Gate card open.
Enemy down.
[screaming]
Akwimos, you've got to hang on just a little bit longer.
You too, Coredem!
Please tell me we're getting close.
Ability activate, Diamond Trick!
Ability activate, Heal Blue!
You can't hurt me.
Cool is the rule, babe!
Why won't they just go down?
Try this.
Ability activate, Stun Out!
Ah!
Oh no, that's bad.
Ability activate, Sling Exia!
[thud]
That kid is annoyingly good.
I'm getting really sick of this.
Ability activate, Long Aercules.
[laser fire]
Ah!
I don't know if we can keep this up much longer.
I hope Dan is almost done.
Akwimos, this is the last one.
Sweet!
Ability activate, Elemental Blue!
We're calling it a day, kids, and declaring
this battle a draw.
AIRZEL: What?
What's happening?
Strikeflier, where are you!
Come on, Jake.
We should split while they're still distracted.
You bet.
I'm frozen!
Can't move.
No one turns me into a Popsicle.
Avior!
Way to put 'em on ice, Maruch.
You think Dan will be in the clear now?
I don't know, but I sure hope so.
We gotta keep our fingers crossed.
Dan hasn't let us down yet.
Come on, you guys.
The generator is just up ahead.
All right, great.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): While Marucho and Jake were busy distracting
the Gundalians at the front line,
Dan, Shun, and I raced through the jungle
to get to the second shield generator.
The plan was to kick start it and cut off
the Gundalian reinforcements.
Unfortunately, before we got there,
Stoica and Jesse got the drop on us.
So of course, we had no choice but to battle.
Luckily, I had the two strongest brawlers with me when
it came time to throw down.
You should check it out yourself to see what I'm talking about.
Bakugan brawl!
We make a great team!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]